hello everybody this is somewhere from
sex nj.com um I just successfully
changed the imei on my engine note to a
blackberry imei to enable me use the
club p is on it and um i just want to
show you proof of it now this is my
engine note on home screen slide it down
right here sorry about them um
down right here you do realize that it's
got the clothes in cannot on the scene 1
port on the empty and on it seemed to
purge basically just the same one on the
internet works with 3g this seem to do
seem to only works with them through G
so i'm using the goes in on its own the
3g which is the same one because i love
fast browsing so um now for confirmation
in a credit and all of that I'm just
checking on there sorry I so for Ash say
so that the blue mobile as you can see
so home so I had adequate at have a
place that's 0.35 um Cabo so let's check
in to my bumper package because i won't
bore my plan will get a soup hundred
percent of every other church sure what
my voice is pretty least as well so here
i have 1000 622 so what never let me
suppose the Barrows alright i'm not i'm
not on with you right now I'm not only
if I'm wrong with me okay let me turn
that off for verification so that it
doesn't look like a binge Turkish or
something so do we feast on off now we
just have the 3g sorry I'm using the
windows kind of launcher so that's why
all of this is showing a lot customize
the man to device so this is its 3g on
the glow and 2g on the MTN now let's try
browsing
Allah is google chrome so does Google
Chrome but let's just try launching the
minutes on any site now this launch
takes ng and see that growth night magic
ok this is um let's check in the name of
the post which pushed should I check in
on right now okay let's just go on page
to the next page more like browsing
little folder any of the sweet dude
let's just check in a non-local approval
okay so download is up pretty fast guys
past 12am so he's expected so that's it
it's pretty fun that bodies of knowledge
go back and check out our a time so on
ok Ashford ordinary later wait I'm Bolin
you just do it again 16 20 and 35 there
so you can so now let's check our bumper
citizen so see I was adapted as you can
steal it still intact so that wasn't
deducted also um let's check out message
let me see if I have I want that I steal
um on his ask it's my first time using a
twisting on this phone because I want to
bb10 so I just had to go through this
just for this tutorial for Meredith
choose 777 status
so I'm sorry stash okay say that glow
send too many questions right domain the
phone once you can see I still doesn't
score subscription of about 3 30 29 mb/s
by 11 I'm sorry Rida 15 weather or 3
2015 so JC I still have my subscription
on and on i'm using gopi is on my angel
android phone so that's it so checking
out the link to the tutorial not to do
this thank you very much for watching